docs(components): refine readme (#367)
Vonage/vivid-3: README.md

## Roadmap

[view components status](https://github.com/orgs/Vonage/projects/6)

Follow our API planning on the [Vivid project components' view](https://github.com/orgs/Vonage/projects/3/views/13)

> We publish a _next_ release on every successful merge to main, so you never need to wait for a new stable version to make use of any updates.

Author: ```suggestion
Tagged (_next_) release is published on every successful merge to main, so you never need to wait for a new stable version to make use of any updates.
```
